# Final Project - Part III

The Part III of the final project was about finalizing the general story, figuring out the issues in flow, making it relevant to the audience and introducing a viable or working call of action. The tool used for the story was Shorthand, along with flourish primarily used for building data visualizations and infogram used for buidling inforgraphics. Where information from external sources was used, it was appropriately cited within the story on Shorthand to allow for ease in navigating through the works cited.

## Target Audience

One of the challenges I faced while trying to visualize this story was understanding who my audience would be for it. Since I could expect that to not just have a bearing on my call of action, but all of my story. I felt by restricting my audience either just the Ultra-rich or the common people, I would be leaving out something key aspect about my story. So in Part III, I was finally able to strike that balance, where the story could resonate with both sets of my intended audiences. There was information that one could imagine would be an eye opening experience for both sets of the audience, and visualizations that would have them hooked from the start.

Pertinent to reflect on the call to action in the same breath. The two sets of audiences that are worlds apart, meant that a single call to action would not have made sense. So I opted to proceed with the option of offering the opportunity to make donations to United Nations World Food Program, which has been at the forefront of transnational efforts of resolving world food insecurity that would allow for those in the position to giveback, do so in a seamless manner after reviewing the story. At the same time, I put thought into how I could engage with common people anywhere along the socio-economic spectrum who might also feel concerned with the trends after reviewing the story and would be motivated to act. For these individuals I offered the link to a Petition connected to the Ultra-Millionaire Tax Act proposed in the US Congress - asking for 0.05% Richest in the US to be taxed appropriately, in light of their gains during the pandemix where the rest of the population was for the most part struggling economically. This combination of philanthropy and activism felt like the appropriate domains to request action within from my audience. 
